com/library/ui/menu/MenuItem.java
 com.library.ui.menu.MenuItem
com/library/ui/menu/MenuBuilder.java
 com.library.ui.menu.MenuBuilder
com/library/ui/menu/Menu.java
 com.library.ui.menu.Menu
com/library/ui/actions/IAction.java
 com.library.ui.actions.IAction
com/library/ui/actions/AbstractAction.java
 com.library.ui.actions.AbstractAction
com/library/ui/Starter.java
 com.library.ui.Starter
com/library/ui/actions/worker/GetWorker.java
 com.library.ui.actions.worker.GetWorker
com/library/ui/actions/reader/GetReader.java
 com.library.ui.actions.reader.GetReader
com/library/ui/actions/worker/AddWorker.java
 com.library.ui.actions.worker.AddWorker
com/library/ui/actions/reader/AddReader.java
 com.library.ui.actions.reader.AddReader
com/library/ui/menu/MenuBuilderFactory.java
 com.library.ui.menu.MenuBuilderFactory
com/library/ui/actions/worker/DeleteWorker.java
 com.library.ui.actions.worker.DeleteWorker
com/library/ui/actions/reader/GetAllReaders.java
 com.library.ui.actions.reader.GetAllReaders
com/library/ui/actions/Book/AddBook.java
 com.library.ui.actions.Book.AddBook
com/library/ui/actions/Book/DeleteBook.java
 com.library.ui.actions.Book.DeleteBook
com/library/ui/actions/Book/GetAllBooks.java
 com.library.ui.actions.Book.GetAllBooks
com/library/ui/actions/worker/GetAllWorkers.java
 com.library.ui.actions.worker.GetAllWorkers
com/library/ui/actions/reader/DeleteReader.java
 com.library.ui.actions.reader.DeleteReader
com/library/ui/menu/Navigator.java
 com.library.ui.menu.Navigator
com/library/ui/actions/Book/GetBook.java
 com.library.ui.actions.Book.GetBook
com/library/ui/menu/Builder.java
 com.library.ui.menu.Builder
com/library/ui/menu/MenuController.java
 com.library.ui.menu.MenuController
